Update quantum-computing-fundamentals.mdx (#4966)
Qiskit/documentation: learning/courses/quantum-business-foundations/quantum-computing-fundamentals.mdx

</summary>

> True. A quantum circuit is an abstract representation of a set of instructions that make up a quantum algorithm. We can use a visual tool like the IBM [Composer](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/composer) or an SDK like [Qiskit](/docs/guides) to construct quantum circuits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
True. A quantum circuit is an abstract representation of a set of instructions that make up a quantum algorithm. We can use a visual tool like [IBM Quantum Composer](https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/composer) or an SDK like [Qiskit](/docs/tools-intro) to construct quantum circuits.
```
(Adding other fixes)
